The current Agent finds the right facts, but buries the priority after the account summary. Improve will make the billing and P1 decision lead every high-risk result.
I01
Open Improve agent on the existing Agent, then choose whether to describe the correction directly or include a chat that demonstrates it.
I02
Choose From chats, ask every high-risk response to lead with the billing and P1 decision, and attach the correction conversation that demonstrates it.
I03
Review the new lead-with-priority behavior, the existing capabilities that must stay intact, and the Evals OpenPond will rerun.
I04
Review the planned change and confirm that it preserves citations and every existing action.
I05
The same locked Evals make the decision clear: the current Agent misses the new lead sentence, while the updated Agent passes every original and new Eval.
I06
Apply the update only after that comparison. The existing Agent updates in place, with the successful Evals recorded.
I07
The improved chat now places disputed billing and the open P1 case ahead of adoption decline while preserving source citations.
I08
The direct triage action repeats the billing-first result, proving the change works outside chat without breaking the existing workflow.
I09
Commit the final Agent source with a clear Git message so the exact Profile version remains reviewable and shareable.
I10
Open Sync to review the committed Profile changes. Confirm sync publishes this version so teammates can use the Agent in chat and hosted sandboxes can attach the same source.